# Elevator-Interface-Project
- VISIBILITY – : My design meets the principle of visibility because all available functions are clear to see. The floor buttons, which are to most frequently used, are large and labeled in a large, bold font, making them easy to spot. The directions for canceling floors are also large and clearly marked. 

   - FEEDBACK – The user presses the button embossed with the floor number they wish to visit. The button lights up, indicating to the user that they will be stopping at their desired floor. All buttons light up upon being selected, which is an excellent example of feedback. Also, because it is a physical button and not a touchscreen, the user can feel the button recede back into the panel as they click it. Having two instances of feedback for a selection exceeds this principle. 

    -CONSTRAINTS – : I feel that my old design failed this parameter because in the case of some emergency, the user had the choice of either pressing the alarm or help button. However, they probably would not know which button to choose, depending on the need for help. This is one way in which I hoped to improve on my design.
-  CONSISTENCY – MEET: One way in which I chose to deviate from the standard elevator design was with the open/close buttons. I designed my open and close button icons to look like an opened book and a closed book. In this way, users still have a way to open/close the elevator doors, but instead of the traditional icons which are confusing, this new element adds a playful element to the user experience. The iconography of a book should be familiar to the users, who are mainly students, faculty, and staff. Although some consistency is sacrificed at first, I believe the pay-off with the user experience is worth this sacrifice. However, because I chose to throw in a new element, I chose to keep all other buttons and functions consistent with that of a typical elevator.

-    AFFORDANCES –: The buttons on the interface afford pushing. I think it is clear to the user that they invite pressing, in that there is nothing else on the interface to distract the user from the buttons.

-   MAPPING – : My design meets the principle of mapping because the floor buttons ascend from the bottom to the top, in the same way that the floors do in the actual building.
